so it's uh it's 11:30 p.m. at night and
tired of screwing around with this type
do you know it really tired of his
screwing around with that [__] light
started messing around with this and
wanted to do this for a while and so he
it's time to do it starting a YouTube
channel so let's talk about why first of
all I have no idea what I'm doing I keep
looking at the screen and not where I
should be looking which is right at you
so that's problem let's learn how to do
that second of all I have no clue like
lighting and stuff people care about
this
I don't maybe I will sometime I don't
know probably should care about gear or
something - also don't care about that
much just like the way I started my
podcast like I just have something to
say I want to say it
I've crazy out here give zero [__]
about that I can curse maybe maybe I can
I don't probably pleasure to thought
about that first yeah I'm not really
sure but I know that I have something to
say and I know I have a lot of important
things to say that I think will help
people or at least will help document
the journey that I'm on right now in a
way that I enjoy doing it probably
should have cleaned up my hair and not
be wearing a very confident man's v-neck
t-shirt very confident man's v-neck
t-shirt right now it's weird definitely
definitely not gonna well definitely
edit that out
I even delete like four apps off my
phone
to make room to record this right now so
it's definitely gonna be amateur hour
but but I'm soaked you're still watching
and this is gonna be good
get ready